2021 sc election results (#626)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _posts/2021-12-15-election-results.md

---
layout: post
title: 2021 Steering Committee Election Results
tags: [governance, election]
posted_by: Julia Damerow, Lance Parsons
---

The [election period for the US-RSE Steering
Committee](https://us-rse.org/about/election/) has ended. 61 US-RSE members
voted in the election.

> We’re excited to announce that the following five people have been selected to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re excited to announce that the following five US-RSE members have been selected to
```

serve on the committee for the term 2022-2023:

* Nicole Brewer
* Jeffrey Carver
* Ian Cosden
* Sandra Gesing
* Christina Maimone

A big thanks to Charles Ferenbaugh, Rinku Gupta, and Chen Zhang for making the
election competitive, and thanks to everyone who voted for participating!

A huge thanks as well to Charles Ferenbaugh, member of our founding [Steering

> Committee](https://us-rse.org/steering-committee/), for his service to US-RSE.

Reviewer: add something about "which we expect will continue in other ways"?
